Docs - Add docs for adding a language (#5640)
recognai/rubrix: docs/_source/community/adding_language.md

# Adding a new language to Argilla

If you want to add a new language to Argilla you need to go to two places:

1. Add a new translation specification in the folder: `argilla-frontend/translation` E.g. for Korean with Code `ko` add a `ko.js` file by coping the `en.js` file. The text values need to be translated:
```javascript
export default {
    multi_label_selection: "다중 라벨",
    ranking: "순위",
    label_selection: "라벨",
    span: "범위",
    text: "텍스트",
    ...
```
2. Then update the i18n Nuxt: `argilla-frontend/nuxt.config.ts`

```javascript
  i18n: {
    locales: [
      {
        code: "en",
        file: "en.js",
      },
      ...
      {
        code: "ko",
        file: "ko.js",
      },
    ],
```

### How to test it

> 1. Start a local instance of Argilla, easiest by just using the docjer recepie here: https://docs.argilla.io/latest/getting_started/how-to-deploy-argilla-with-docker/ it will give you a backend API for the frontend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start a local instance of Argilla, easiest by just using the docker recipe [here](../getting_started/how-to-deploy-argilla-with-docker.md). It will give you a backend API for the frontend.
```

> 2. Compile a new version of Frontend. See the guide here: https://github.com/argilla/argilla/tree/develop/argilla-frontend. This is basically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Compile a new version of the frontend. Check [this guide](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/tree/develop/argilla-frontend). This is basically:
```

    ),
    rg.ImageField(
        name="image",
        title="Image related to the question",
        required=True,
        description="Image sent by the customer",
    ),
]

# Create a new dataset with the same settings as the original
settings = rg.Settings(
    fields=sample_fields,
    questions=sample_questions,
)
new_dataset = rg.Dataset(
    name="demo_dataset",
    workspace="default",
    settings=settings,
    client=client_local,
)
new_dataset.create()

def fix_record():
    return rg.Record(
        fields={
            "chat": [
                {"role": "user", "content": "What is Argilla?"},
                {"role": "assistant", "content": "Argilla is a collaboration tool for AI engineers and domain experts to build high-quality datasets"},
            ],
            "image": "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1523567353-71ea31cb9f73?w=900&auto=format&fit=crop&q=60&ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxzZWFyY2h8MTJ8fGNvcmdpfGVufDB8fDB8fHww",
            "text": "Which town has a greater population as of the 2010 census, Minden, Nevada or Gardnerville, Nevada?",
        },
    )

new_records = [fix_record() for _ in range(10)]
new_dataset.records.log(new_records)
```

> 4. Test if your translation also works with the dataset & in the dataset settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Test if your translation also works with the dataset and in the dataset settings.
```
